hey everywhere show from Joey supercool
food reviews um back anyways how's it
going everyone today I'm doing battle V
nurse snitches junkyard dog that Alina
snitching you do we have vase to make
you talk
yes we do so this is to Wienerschnitzel
everyone their new junkyard dog and it's
a hot dog with its top with fries
grilled onions and and mustard so let's
see what we got okay getting I love hot
now I love Wiener schnitzel - so this is
look their fence and 61 we have this to
make cute talk anyways here Campion's
you steam your napkins and oh let's see
here we go so oh nice little box it's
good a little heavy here that offense in
61 we have face to make you tall anyways
so I'm opening this up and oh look at
this gang hope you could see this so
this is nice little hotdog here let's
got this is the junkyard dog it has
grilled onions fries there's some
mustard on here and what else we got
going on
it looks like let me see
and was at the threw in some there's
some like a cheese and chili thing going
on I don't know it's like take a lot of
stuff going on this so check this out
gang hope you could see this I hope it's
in focus and this is the junkyard dog
from that ravine your sheet said we have
vase to make you talk
anyways I'm rambling so I give it a shot
here we go this is to all my hot dog
loving fan subscribers and friends out
there
those are great game
you got the hot dog you have the grilled
onions and cheese and they put like
chili in there it's really swingin gang
mm-hmm look at that
with them with the the mustard the
grilled onions the French fries the hot
dog and the bun and it's a very hearty
it's very good mmm mm-hmm
there are some and they put cheese in
there you know like the top horrible
cheese I'm sorry this swings gang on a
scale from one to ten I'm giving this up
a good solid eight um the price was you
know to be honest with you I don't know
what the price was because I just
ordered it with some other stuff and
some chicken it's 2 or 3 bucks so gets
it better be noisier and try the new
junkyard dog um he's better than old
King Kong but meaner than a junkyard dog
they're near near yeah get their gang
and this is some good vittles here look
at that you won't go wrong
thank you all for subscribing and
sharing please like and share these
videos I appreciate everyone all my
friends who subscribe you are the best
and the channel is growing leaps and
bounds and from the bottom of my heart
thank you all and I just want to name
some names here really quick this is uh
goes out to you guys like short films I
love short films I wanted to go to film
school when I was younger I even tried
out some acting stuff and I used to live
in down south
what's a
some up open casting plate things and
did some stuff so check out these guys
they're great Jake's on a plane check
out their new short film body blow it's
so funny and it's not that even the
acting is good and just the humor and
the acting it's Jake Jacob and Joe these
are the the guys who do Jake's on a
plane their films so check them out
they're really funny guys it's a really
funny movie that's called body blow it's
a short film Jake's on a plane that's
where you'll find him on YouTube Jake's
on a plane we want to see their channel
grow so give them a shot gang and this
is a quick shout out to Thomas Brant
Thomas you're the best buddy I like your
style man keep it up and I just want to
say one thing um Michael and his
daughter Daisy watch my my videos and I
appreciate that but this weekend is
Daisy's birthday and I just want to wish
Daisy a happy birthday Thank You Daisy
and your dad for watching my videos and
here we go I want everybody to sing
ready happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear
Daisy happy birthday to you alright love
y'all
thank you all for subscribing please
share please like and as Joey from
Joey's supercool food reviews would say
peace